[PR documentation] Add advice to keep the pull requests small (#8330)
PyCQA/pylint: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

To ease the process of reviewing your PR, do make sure to complete the following boxes.

- [ ] Document your change, if it is a non-trivial one.
  - A maintainer might label the issue ``skip-news`` if the change does not need to be in the changelog.
  - Otherwise, create a news fragment with ``towncrier create <IssueNumber>.<type>`` which will be

>     included in the changelog. ``<type>`` can be one of: breaking, user_action, feature,

Reviewer: Let's just link to the file that defines this.

Author: Can we include a file in the github template ? Or should contributor click a link ? Not sure they're going to do it if they have to click :D

Reviewer: I don't think so, but just a file path should work I think!

Author: I'm not sure I understand what you mean, could you suggest the edit ?

>     included in the changelog. ``<type>`` can be one of: breaking, user_action, feature,
>     new_check, removed_check, extension, false_positive, false_negative, bugfix, other, internal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    included in the changelog. ``<type>`` can be one of the types defined in `./towncrier.toml`.
```

Author: Ha right. But this isn't going to change a lot, maybe it's better if we have it directly here ?

Reviewer: Just adds one more thing that can get out of sync. This is mostly for new people anyway so it doesn't hurt if they get pointed to where stuff actually gets defined rather than a `.MD` file.

    If necessary you can write details or offer examples on how the new change is supposed to work.
  - Generating the doc is done with ``tox -e docs``
- [ ] Relate your change to an issue in the tracker if such an issue exists (Refs #1234, Closes #1234)

> - [ ] Write comprehensive commit messages and/or a good description on what the PR does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Write comprehensive commit messages and/or a good description of what the PR does.
```

- [ ] Keep the change small, separate the consensual changes from the opinionated one.

>   Don't hesitate to open multiple PR if the change requires it. If your review is so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Don't hesitate to open multiple PRs if the change requires it. If your review is so
```

>   big it require to actually plan and allocate time to review, it's very likely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  big it requires to actually plan and allocate time to review, it's more likely
```
